Add intro for "Importing your projects to GitHub" category (#6605)
github/docs: content/github/importing-your-projects-to-github/index.md

---
title: Importing your projects to GitHub

> intro: You can import your source code to GitHub using a variety of different methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: You can import your source code to {% data variables.product.product_name %} using a variety of different methods.
```
Tiny change! I'm switching out the word GitHub for the product variable `{% data variables.product.product_name %}`
